the third by the Pernambuco championship
ball in the direction of grandchild baiano he tries
set the chance to score
Patrick reduces size in 19 minutes
game in the second half
party of the black red fan is the band
is the band is the signal of the band will be that
that's the patrick 's birthday
after the grandson played the
tall the ball came to the right foot and
knocked off the goalkeeper to dry the
left corner alessandro patrick sai na
against the sport in the duel for the title
Pernambuco 2014
patrick sport shirt 2
I remember that the strictly not
I'm adapting go and the sport is on
attack
Now design the Bahian project
chance of the second
sport is from baiano's grandson
39 minutes from the second half
the second goal of sport the sport increases
the advantage
the touch of the defender durval was a pass
head for the Bahian granddaughter who dominated
still set with markup not
arrived at the exit of alessandro the kick
strong inside the small area
grandson baiano 2 for the sport 0 with the team
of the nautical here on the island the ninth goal of
baiano's grandson to cheerleaders
2 to 0 sport